add the following to Robert yorke page
Dr. Yorke is awarded Chaconia Gold
Dr. Robert Theophilus Yorke was awarded the Chaconia Medal Gold in sphere of business for long and meritorious service to Trinidad and Tobago that promotes the national welfare, or strengthens the community spiriton 31st August 2011.

Dr. Yorke and Yorke Structures Limited (YSL) is first local manufacturer of structural steel. Over the past four decades, the company has earned a reputation for high standards in its design, fabrication and erection of structural steelwork for buildings, airports, university campuses and petrochemical plants across the region. This reputation stems directly from his personal philosophy “strive to meet the needs of others with honesty, reliability, dependability and hard work.”

Dr. Yorke has very quietly and without fanfare contributed to the development of the engineering industry and instrumental in the development of the energy industry in Trinidad and Tobago. Through YSL he has been involved in the construction of the majority of the methanol, urea, ammonia, steel, iron carbide and liquefied natural gas plants erected in at Point Lisas and Point Fortin.  

Robert T. Yorke is always mindful of his community role and through Yorke Structures Limited has been involved in a number of community based projects including the construction, restoration and repair works to several churches and schools throughout the region.  

The company has also sponsored tuition for a number of students not only in the engineering field but also in various other related fields.  Yorke Structures Limited also conducts apprentice training programmes aimed at enhancing the employment prospects of young people.  

Over the last fifteen years through his company, Dr. Yorke has donated on an annual basis two prizes to the Faculty of Engineering for the “Best Level 2” Civil Engineering student and the “Most Outstanding Level 2 Student” at the University of the West Indies, St. Augustine Campus.

Over the years he has served as a Director on several state boards including the National Gas Company, National Petroleum Company Limited and First Citizens Bank Limited. He was also the Property Advisor to the Anglican Diocese of Trinidad and Tobago.
