remove partners from menu
remove quality management submenus and add the following as to content for quality management menu


Quality Policy
Yorke Structures Limited is an ISO 9001:2008 certified organisation which is dedicated to the concept of providing a quality service by satisfying the needs and specified requirements of its Clients.

This is fundamental to all work undertaken by the company and the aim of the Quality Management System is to achieve the satisfaction of Client requirements in the execution of each contract.  Top management is committed to excellence and embraces the Quality

Management System as a way by which Yorke Structures Limited can continue to be the market leader in the Construction Industry.

In order to achieve this aim, the Quality System is fully integrated into the administration, project management and process functions of the company and is executed by all employees.

By applying the Quality Management System to the entire organisation, all activities are executed and records are kept which are used to verify and validate the actions taken and the results thereof.  It is expected that the organisation’s efficiency and effectiveness would allow for continual improvement with measurable characteristics and which would in turn provide the objective evidence of the improvement of the company.

HSE MANAGEMENT POLICY
Yorke Structures Limited is dedicated to ensuring that its activities comply with all relevant statutory regulations and all reasonable measures are taken to minimise Health, Safety and Environmental risks to stakeholders who may be affected by its operations.

Management and supervisory staff are responsible for implementing this HSE Management Policy throughout the company, and ensures that health, safety and environmental considerations are given high priority in the planning and execution of all work.

All employees are expected to co-operate with the company in carrying out this Policy, and must ensure that their work is carried out with minimum risk to themselves and others.

Training is provided to all employees to ensure that they are fully equipped to perform their jobs in accordance with regulatory health, safety and environment standards.

The BSI GROUP
Since its foundation in 1901 as the Engineering Standards Committee, The BSI Group is a global business services organization which provides standards-based solution in more than 150 countries.   The BSI Group is an independent, private, non-profit distributing company which helps organizations improve their quality and performance, reduce their risk, manage and protect their reputations, and help them be more sustainable.

The main areas of activities are:-
development of private, national and international standards;
assessment and certification of management systems and medical devices;
testing and certification of products and services;
provision of governance, risk and compliance solutions;
training services.

BSI is the National Standards Body of the UK, with a globally recognized reputation for independence, integrity and innovation in the production of standards that promote best practice. It develops and sells standards and standardization solutions to meet the needs of business and society.

BSI provides independent third-party certification of management systems. Their testing services deliver product and service certification and marking.

BSI has the capability to test a huge variety of industrial and consumer products such as construction, fire safety, electrical, electronic, engineering and gas products and medical devices and can identify technical requirements, product testing and certification schemes for most countries in the world.

BSI is a leading provider of training, conferences, information and knowledge on standards, management systems, business improvement, regulatory approval and international trade. This includes guidance to help customers understand how standards can be used and applied every day.

BSI has a history of over 100 years and it all started with standardization of steel and iron.
