Finalise Management page alignment + update Dr. Robert T. Yorke biography
Goals

Make the Management page visually identical to other site pages that use the light theme.

Keep alternating portraits left and right.

On Dr. Robert T. Yorke’s page, merge “Career & Business Foundation” into “Early Life & Education” and remove the extra section.

Constraints

Do not introduce new libraries.

Reuse About page grid, card, button, and breadcrumb components.

Refer to Dr. Robert T. Yorke as Founder everywhere.

Task A — Standardise Management page styling

Adopt About page container and grid

Use the same max-width, gutters, and spacing as /about/.

Remove any page-specific overrides that change background, shadows, border-radius, or fonts.

Cards and portraits

Background: #fff

Border: 1px solid #e8eaed

Radius: 6px

Shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.08)

Portraits use the same class and aspect ratio as About page portraits. Height clamp to match About on desktop, scale proportionally on mobile.

Headings and text

H1 uses the same style as About H1.

Name line is H2 with the same size as About section headings.

Role label appears as normal sentence case text under the name, no custom badges.

Buttons and breadcrumb

Replace any custom pill buttons with the site orange button used on About, including hover and focus states.

Breadcrumb style must match About exactly.

Alternating layout

Keep stacked sections with alternating image position:

Founder image left, text right

Executive Chairman image right, text left

Managing Director image left, text right

Contracts Administrator image right, text left

Safety Officer image left, text right

Copy sync

Confirm the five bios and titles exactly match the approved text.

Remove all legacy names sitewide.

Ensure the Home sidebar and About lists display the same five names in the same order.

CSS to apply (use in global stylesheet or the page bundle)
/* use the same tokens as About */
:root{
  --ysl-bg:#fff; --ysl-ink:#222; --ysl-muted:#6b6f74;
  --ysl-accent:#ff7a00; --ysl-border:#e8eaed;
  --ysl-radius:6px; --ysl-shadow:0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.08);
  --container-max:1080px; --gutter:24px;
}

.management .container{max-width:var(--container-max);margin:0 auto;padding:0 var(--gutter);}
.management h1{ /* same as About H1 */ font-size:32px;line-height:1.2;color:var(--ysl-ink);margin:24px 0;}
.management .card{display:grid;grid-template-columns:1fr 1.2fr;gap:24px;
  background:#fff;border:1px solid var(--ysl-border);border-radius:var(--ysl-radius);
  box-shadow:var(--ysl-shadow);padding:20px;margin:28px 0;}
.management .card.alt{grid-template-columns:1.2fr 1fr;} /* flip columns */
.management .portrait img{width:100%;height:520px;object-fit:cover;border-radius:var(--ysl-radius);}
.management h2{font-size:20px;margin:0 0 6px;color:var(--ysl-ink);}
.management .role{color:var(--ysl-muted);font-size:14px;margin:0 0 12px;}
.management .btn{background:var(--ysl-accent);color:#fff;padding:8px 14px;border-radius:4px;text-decoration:none;}
@media (max-width:900px){ .management .card,.management .card.alt{grid-template-columns:1fr;} .management .portrait img{height:380px;} }

Task B — Merge sections on Dr. Robert T. Yorke page

Rename the page header

Title: Dr. Robert T. Yorke

Subtitle under name: Founder

Qualifications line remains as displayed.

Merge content

Take the text in “Career & Business Foundation” and append it to the end of “Early Life & Education”.

Use this revised section heading: Early Life, Education and Career Foundation.

Replace the body of that combined section with the following merged copy:

Merged body text
“Dr. Robert T. Yorke was born in 1932 in Tobago, where he received his primary and secondary education as the second of eight siblings. After leaving school he completed an apprenticeship in Tobago, then moved to Trinidad to work at the Longdenville brick factory. In 1956 he left for England to pursue engineering studies at Hammersmith College, University of London, and after graduating continued professional training in the United Kingdom, working with several British engineering consultancies including Mott Hay and Anderson.
In 1967 he returned to the Caribbean as a design engineer with the Ministry of Works in Antigua. He moved back to Trinidad and Tobago in 1968 to accept the post of Chief Engineer at Sanders and Foster Caribbean Ltd. Within months he was promoted to Technical Director and soon assumed full responsibility for operations. In 1972, when Sanders and Foster exited the region, he founded Yorke Structures Ltd. He often stated that clear goals, discipline, and the willingness to make sacrifices were the foundation of success.”

Remove the old section

Delete the standalone Career & Business Foundation section block, its heading, image, and spacer.

Remove any local anchors or table-of-contents links that point to it.

Ensure the next section now begins with Business Philosophy & Leadership.

Image alignment

Keep the same portrait classes used on About.

If two portraits were used in the removed section, keep the best one in the revised top section and discard the duplicate.

Task C — QA and acceptance

Management page uses the same container, headings, button, background, and shadows as About.

Portraits alternate left and right.

Dr. Robert T. Yorke page shows a single combined section titled “Early Life, Education and Career Foundation” and no separate “Career & Business Foundation” block.

All references to Dr. Robert T. Yorke across the site use the title Founder.

No legacy names appear in search, sitemap, or menus.

Mobile layout matches About page behavior.