create a Management page based on the uploads


Dr. ROBERT T. YORKE D. Eng. (Hon.), CEng. FIStructE, FICE, FAPETT our Executive Chairman brings well near 50 years’ experience providing Structural Engineering services. Over forty years of this time his personal philosophy and vision has made Yorke Structures Limited the premier structural engineering services Company in the Caribbean.
As Executive Chairman he continues to provide valuable insight into the workings of our industry, which positions the company’s operations for the future.
Asked to articulate the vision for the company, he is clear in his original beliefs which remain as strong today. He has said that he knew that he could not fail as he was better than his rivals. He could clearly see his goals right from the beginning and knew that with the vision clearly in place, if he was prepared to make sacrifices to achieve those goals then nothing was impossible.


SIMON H. WESTCOTT BSc (Hons) C.Eng, MBA, MICE, MAPETT, FIStructE, is the General Manager and a member of the Board of Directors at Yorke Structures Limited with responsibility for all strategic and operational functions of the company.

Simon holds an Honours Degree in Civil Engineering and a Masters Degree in Business Administration. He is a Chartered Member of the Institution of Civil Engineers and a Chartered Fellow of Institution of Structural Engineers. He is an active member of the national engineering community and is a current council member of the Association of Professional Engineers of Trinidad and Tobago and the current Treasurer of the Caribbean Division of the Institution of Structural Engineers.

Simon has over 25 years of engineering experience with both international Consultants and Contractors in Africa, Asia, Europe and the USA.  Simon spent his earlier years at YSL managing projects in his capacity as Contracts Manager liaising closely with all stakeholders in the construction process.  This extensive experience guides his leadership of all commercial operations within the company including project management, contract administration, cost control and financial performance.
He is also responsible to the Board of Directors for setting company policy and strategic direction including the development of business objectives and commercial targets and in the marketing and development of new business.

 

 

LAURA COZIER is the Director Corporate Services, at Yorke Structures Limited (YSL) with responsibility for Corporate Affairs, Human Resources and Information Technology. She is also the Director with executive responsibility for other companies within the group. She brings to our operations the meticulous diligence of her many years within the banking sector.

Laura’s B.A. in Economics and Executive M.B.A., both obtained from the University of the West Indies guided her extensive experience in the financial sector while working in banking for over twenty five (25) years.

For seven (7) of these years she served as a Senior member of a local bank’s Executive Management Team as the Head of its Corporate Banking Unit, Treasury and International Trade, Chairman of the bank’s Asset and Liability Committee and the bank’s Pension Plan Committee.  Laura draws on these experiences when dealing with the YSL’s bankers and customers on financial matters as part of her portfolio of responsibility. Her financial services insight guides YSL as it mobilises for the many projects it undertakes.

Laura’s senior management experience is also dedicated to talent management at YSL.  She ensures that the company has the available a workforce that with the required skills level and experience that allows for the successful completion of the company’s projects.


HERMAN PEREIRA joined Yorke Structures Limited at its inception as a payroll clerk. Since that time he has risen steadily through the ranks to the position of Financial Controller where he is responsible for the accounting and administrative functions of the company, controlling not only the financial resources of the company but also a total administrative staff of around fifteen people.

Herman Pereira saw the value of training early in his career and made it his business to learn more both about the operations of the company that he worked for and the professional aspects of his chosen career. Before Yorke Structures Limited had formalized its training programmes, Herman Pereira started to study for his ACCA with the support and assistance of the company.

He clearly enjoys both the responsibilities and the challenges of his work. He recognizes that communication is a key aspect of his job and is keen to encourage a team spirit amongst the clerical staff. He likes the fact that his work gives him opportunities to improve his skills and to develop more as an individual. He says that the environment of the company is one where everyone is expected not only to carry out their work but also to contribute to the development of the business and ideas for the future.


KENNETH PRINCE is the Contracts Administrator at Yorke Structures Limited since 2000.   A citizen of the United Kingdom, he has been working in Trinidad for the last fifteen (15) years on a number of projects.   Since coming to Yorke Structures Limited he has had frontline responsibility for the operational management, coordination and general execution of all projects. His particular emphasis is on the management of all site based activities and the provision of quantity surveying and value management functions.

He has ensured that all our contractual obligations have been met on such projects as Trains 2 and 3 at Atlantic LNG – Point Fortin, M5000 Methanol Plant- Point Lisas, University of Trinidad & Tobago (UTT) Campuses and The Waterfront Project to name a few.  

In fact, his knowledge and experience has been instrumental in ensuring that we manage our project with a high degree of professionalism.  As a Member of the Chartered Institute of Building (CIOB) and an Associate of Cost and Production Surveyors now incorporated into the CIOB, his knowledge of the Construction Industry both locally and abroad has allowed us to expand our range and capacity and ensures that we are suitably poised to capitalize on all developments in Construction not just in Trinidad but in the global market place.



ELIZABETH SAUNDERS joined Yorke Structures Limited (YSL) in 2001 as the Quality Coordinator.  Graduating as an Engineer from the University of the West Indies, St. Augustine Campus in 1987, Elizabeth’s initial working years were in production with a focus on Quality Control.  The advent of the ISO 9000 systems, found her gravitating to Quality Assurance Systems which offered a more proactive approach to end-users’ appreciation of the products which they purchased.
In 1998, she became a Certified Lead Auditor in ISO Quality Management Systems and in 2003 expanded her expertise to Lead Auditor of OSHAS 18001 Systems, a Management System for Occupational Health and Safety.
At Yorke Structures Limited, Elizabeth guided the organisation through the transition from the ISO 9002:1994 system under which it was initially certified, to its current ISO 9001:2008 certification and compliance.  Her previous exposure to production processes gave her a unique perspective for the operationalization of quality management systems in YSL’s highly production oriented environment. This enables the organisation to produce the high quality products efficiently.


RAMESH MAHARAJ is another   employee who has been associated with   the company since its inception in 1972,   beginning as   Assistant Chief   Draughtsman.   Today he is the   Drawing Office   Supervisor and is   responsible for the   management and supervision of all operations   within the drawing office.

Since Ramesh   started work with the company he has seen many changes but the most   profound with regard to the production   of drawings has been the shift to computer aided drafting and design.   Drawing Boards as such are no longer used and all drawings are now carried   out on computer workstations giving the   company both additional capacity and   flexibility.       

Ramesh clearly relishes the challenges   of his work.   This work requires a clear head and the ability to work in a detailed and methodical way. The   drawing office as the first stage in the   production process is often under significant pressure and therefore requires   individuals who can operate in this environment. Ramesh fits the bill superbly   and evidently gets a lot of fulfillment   from seeing projects completed to every one's satisfaction.   


DONNA GREENIDGE is the Executive Assistant to the Executive Chairman, an extremely hectic job and one which she manages to perform   with a calm and cheerful efficiency.   Her role is one of advisor, confidante, public relations officer and personal assistant.  Her job and her committed attitude to it are dictated in large part by Bob Yorke’s deeply personal and hands on approach to management.

This approach requires that somebody be available to filter and prioritise both the workload and the telephone calls and to be on hand to deal quickly and effectively with the output of an extremely active and busy man.  She has a clear vision of why Yorke Structures Limited is the best in its field and clearly believes that it is largely down to working together as a team with honesty, initiative and hard work.   She is of the opinion that the company is where it is for the simple reasons that its people do their best, work with integrity and vigour and most importantly keep their word.


